as Tony 18 comes to an end we feel
extremely grateful for all the love and
support we've received from our
community this year or beyond proud to
have an audience that doesn't just watch
our videos but actually takes our
message into their own hands so to
celebrate and thank the yes theory
family we set out on a mission to make
one of your dreams come true a few weeks
ago we made an announcement at the
beginning of a video saying that
everyone who ordered from Sig discomfort
calm in the first three days of the
launch should get an email from us with
a simple question what's your biggest
dream along with the bonus question do
you have any student loans we genuinely
did not have too much of a plan other
than waiting for your answers and seeing
where they take us okay so right now we
have an enormous amount of solutions
that we have to go through our roomies
the creator and I are gonna go through
this you haven't to travel to all seven
continents I've never left North America
before and there's so much I want to see
he's also not sure how easy it is to get
into Antarctica that's pretty hard so
this guy apparently is that big
introvert his big goal is speaking in
front of a huge crowd
I don't want it said their biggest goal
is to get into the music scene and with
freshmen in college my biggest goal is
to make college the best experience of
my life the top item on my bucket list
is go cliff-diving and santorini greece
they want to open their own cake shop
and the reason they can't do is the fear
of work people think of my cakes I think
you'll like their cakes I want to taste
those gigs I turn my life around 360
degrees there's one person right now
that is sticking out more than anybody
else when we asked what is your biggest
goal right now this is what he said I
want to become an astronaut experiencing
zero gravity and leaving planet Earth I
know it's a lofty goal but it's what
I've wanted to do since I was a child
and almost everything in my life has
been oriented and that
direction I work at NASA right now and I
want to go to grad school and making
myself a good candidate for becoming an
astronaut suit and he recently took part
in the marathon clearly very big into
challenging himself he's got eight
thousand dollars in student loans the
problem is that he was one of the first
people to sign up and fill out a form
and we screwed up when we first sent out
the form we didn't ask for people's
emails or phone numbers so we have no
idea what his name is what his email is
we have no way of contacting this person
or five figure out who it is he ordered
at 4:30 p.m. on the day it was out place
right at 4:29 yes and then we're gonna
look up the names of the people and
we're gonna look it up whether they work
at NASA and see potentially he's like a
LinkedIn or something that we could find
so far
zach and i have gone down from people
who were between 4:30 p.m. 4:15 p.m. and
he's not there starting to get a little
bit worried I am searching NASA as a
search term within the yes theory fam
Facebook group you're not on the sta
Facebook group it's where we stay in
touch with all the yesterday fam members
I think I was you found him I think so
hole no it's for Norway that can't be
him why would you order Norway in Norway
there's something about the fact that
they're already working towards their
dream this person is committed to what
they want to do and there is nobody I
enjoy helping more than people who are
helping themselves at all costs
we will find this person and we will
email them I know it's gonna happen Zach
found this guy Ryan Matthew said this
guy ordered at 4:32 p.m. but the form
that was filled out was filled at 4:29
p.m. so it wouldn't make sense that it
could be him he's an aspiring astronaut
works at NASA in his form he said that
he ran a marathon in April
how did he go back in time that's the
one thing and I'm about this guy to the
famous Ryan Madson who took forever to
find sure pretty interesting look
getting on skype oh we saw your
submission but the problem is we had no
way of contacting you because we were
stupid and we forgot to put sections for
email and phone number dude last night
we spent hours hours trying to find you
it was crazy yeah I wanted to talk to
you more about sort of what you're
trying to do and get a gauge for what
part of your life you're at right now
and where you want to go sure so when I
was really little I had one of those
little kid dreams you know grow up and
be an astronaut or the president
astronaut was mine took a bunch
engineering classes in high school
decided I wanted to go to college to be
a mechanical engineer and looking for a
bunch of jobs and I applied for like a
hundred and twenty five or some crazy
amounts and NASA's one of them what kind
of experience would you say would help
you towards becoming an astronaut all of
the gravity things just something I'd
love to experience in my life maybe if
I'm too old and crotchety I'll shut up
the money to go out of those airplanes
yeah I think you're doing something
really cool and you're going after
something really ambitious which is I
think the most inspired thing of all is
to be like it moonshot goal would you be
free this weekend oh my gosh this is
crazy all right I'll talk to you real
soon bro ain't good to talk to me
good taxi - I'll see you later
[Music]
the Friday after Thanksgiving and we
just flew into Miami you just blew out
Ryan and he has absolutely no idea that
we have three huge surprises planned for
him tomorrow literally the biggest
episode we've ever done with any of our
subscribers the most expensive episode
we've ever done period so we are gonna
go to his in town right now to check up
on and see how he's feeling is
absolutely no idea what he's come to
Miami for or what we're actually doing
which she doesn't know that we're doing
no way I thought you had to fill in
stuff did you just get us information oh
wow he has no idea oh that makes it so
much better tweet so he's gonna wake up
in the morning and he goes oh wow oh wow
everything he said he wanted it's all on
one day it's my first welcome to play
it's not okay I have a question yeah do
you guys always where's he discover
stuff or do you only wear it in every
video we generally wear it all the time
we have just never worn anything that
has generated so much conversation in my
daily choices above they wear this play
t-shirt or one that will actually have
some sort of interaction yeah one that
I've never talked to before so now I'm
just like hooked on the wearing we just
had a few minutes to catch up with Ryan
and dude I did not know anything really
nervous
[Music]
[Applause]
hello good sir
mommy I feel about today I'm still
pretty nervous where we go thank you
mister alright we just the right man is
blindfolded he has no idea what's going
on
interested that were there you think
this is funny mr. Crewson
[Music]
[Laughter]
really good so only you are gonna go up
by presents you want to be an astronaut
and you trust yourself operating a whole
rocket I'll trust you operate the GoPros
okay I am pumped it's gonna be awesome
how long have you been waiting to do
this pretty much since I found out it
exists so Ren went into two Dawn's when
I come out a very important message from
a very important person very good
just getting a zero-g flight you're also
getting a very special message from a
very special person
okay do you have like an astronaut
figure that you look up to Chris
Hadfield
yeah did the cover
he reported station he's probably my
favorite astronaut just because he's so
down to earth ha ha ha ha it's a
commander Chris Hadfield here I heard
about you from the yes very guys I
really commend what you're doing and I
really understand where you're trying to
get to there are three big things you
need to remember if you want to be an
astronaut number one keep your body in
shape but you gotta take care of it
exercise a little every day number two
spaceships are complicated you have to
have a proven ability to learn
complicated things
third is make decisions and stick with
them like you're currently doing but
you're gonna have to be a proven
decision-maker to be trusted to fly a
spaceship and maybe one last thing
something I really learned throughout my
entire careers an astronaut is you are
the prime factor in creating your own
future it's not to be grand things you
say it's the little decisions that you
make and actually dictate who you are
what you're going to accomplish who you
become I wish you great success like you
major in anything you've done of it
thanks for the s3 guys for having me on
and I look forward to meet you in person
someday the sky is not that's so cool
[Laughter]
now it's time for you to do you think
did you have a look at the shades baby
look at this Hey
[Music]
there's only one slate in the United
States they can do this if there's an 11
years they said to get the rights to do
this like a once-in-a-lifetime
experience
I can only imagine
like such a big child it seemed to come
through like this
just like
we're in lunar gravity now at 1/6 of the
Earth's gravity I now understand why
it's so hard for
[Music]
[Applause]
dream
be able to
so thankful for everything that they've
done
[Music]
astronaut are you just give up on his
view and final surprise we're gonna do
it in Miami we're gonna pretend as
though giving him the seek discomfort
jacket we're gonna tell him to look in
his right pocket and there's gonna be
like a patch that you can buy online
like what do you think are you excited
of course he's gonna be like yeah I'm
excited little does he know that when we
tell him to look in his other pocket
there's gonna be a check and that check
is gonna pay off the student loans one
of the main piece of advice from
commander Chris Hadfield was that he
continues pursuing like advanced
learning and in our conversation than
last night he was saying that one of the
big things that are stopping him from
pursuing a master's is the fact that it
still has to allow so hopefully this
accelerates that process and if you
would just make the leap and go get this
master's so you can put it on so take it
out of your left pocket do it knowing
that you're going to after such an
audacious dream that for the majority of
humans is most likely not gonna happen
like what makes you still want to stick
to the dream of becoming an astronaut I
like what Chris Hadfield actually says
in his book texts about all the choices
that he makes in his life and the
directions that he's gone are things
that he's passionate about things that
he wants to do at the end of the day he
still wants to become an astronaut but
he's not building his entire life's
happiness on just becoming an astronaut
he's living his life as he goes and he's
enjoying all the things he's doing but
he is making this choices in the
direction of hopefully becoming an
astronaut working on rockets like I do I
I really enjoy that it's fun and that's
all I get to do then I will still have
really enjoyed everything should we give
him the final gift or what let's do it
like I said
but still something for you so news
jacket perfect I love it joy how this
feel feels great yeah okay that feels
surprises and yeah check this out in
this pocket
this pocket oh this is awesome sand with
the patch you become an astronaut is
what we want you to put on the suit look
through the Space Jam rip off
yes theory logo but check out the other
pocket
okay can you read that aloud dear Ryan
it's been great getting to know you and
learning more about your passions and
dreams you've clearly worked hard to get
where you are and we want to help you
expedite the path towards your audacious
goal of being an astronaut now look at
Matt this just gets you on your path
faster thank you
Wow I can't believe you guys porting us
thank you for washing for wrapping what
we stand for this is very extraordinary
I think what took was you both realize
how crazy it is that six hundred people
ever have gone to space and the fact
that you're still aiming for that you
know spite all the odds stacked against
you but I think is the coolest thing
that one pretty awesome seeing your
journey thank you for believing in me
we're doing the gods my mother
[Music]